Hey guys, welcome back to the course.
Hey, I totally lied at the end of the last lecture.
We're actually just going to jump in and start working
with a real example and then go over what are
some example assumptions that we can think of for this product.
Yes, I know, I lied, you will get over it, I'm over it already, let's start.
All right, so for our example we're going to use a service that is somewhat well-known in the San Francisco Bay area.
It's not really outside of New York and San Francisco, I think,
right now it might be in Chicago and Boston,
but it's enough of an idea that's a little bit out there that we can come up with some assumptions relatively easily.
It's a good example to use. So the example is called Zirx,
Z-I-R-X, and what they do is they build
a mobile app that allows you, when you are driving your car,
to hail an on demand valet person who picks
up your car, and then takes it to storage, and then
you can request your car back at any time.
So, basically, what they're trying to do is on demand valet
and the idea is that if you're driving, let's
say, downtown, you're going out to eat, you have a car.
In any big city, parking is just a disaster.
And garages are typically inconvenient, they're hard to get into, they're hard to find, especially when
you're trying to do 100 different things at once,
and they're expensive.
So for all the same reasons you would use a valet,
you would use an on demand valet.
But the advantage of being an on demand valet is that I can call a valet person and they can take that car literally anywhere.
They don't have to park it in a garage near me.
They can take it out to the suburbs, where it costs
nothing to store, and then all I have to do is just
tell them a little bit before when I need it,
and it works the exact same way.
It's an interesting service.
Check it out if you guys are ever in San Francisco,
and have a car, and want to do it.
They have a lot of funding, and they are launching
in a lot of different cities, and they have a lot of
competitors, mainly copycats.
There's one called Lux and there's one called Carbon.
So get familiar with them,
because we're going to do some assumptions.
Now, the core problem-solution set for Zirx is,
the problem is that it's hard to park your car
in big cities and/or it's hard to find garages,
which are inconvenient and expensive.
And then the solution to that is by using flexible
on demand valets through a mobile application to
take advantage of technology for speed and for proximity
so they can save money on the storage costs.
All right, so we're building that product.
What did we assume?
Well, a whole lot. Pretty much every sentence I said to you
about why they work or why they're appealing,
which is loaded with assumptions.
Now, let's use the technique that we learned before
and say "The following must be true
in order for our idea to be successful." So what has to be true? Well, we'll start off with one of the more obvious ones.
Remember how I said that parking is hard to find in big cities?
That's an assumption. I do not know that
for an absolute fact, so I'm going to write that out.
Parking is bad or difficult in big cities.
Maybe it's the case that people don't find parking to be an issue.
Or maybe most cities don't have this issue.
So what are some other examples that we can think of?
Well, let's use those examples that we learned in the last lecture.
Well, most times we're making assumptions about the problem
we think we're solving. so remember how I said
that people find parking garages inconvenient?
That is an assumption.
Do people really find them inconvenient?
It could be the case that people have no issue
with them. They're everywhere.
They're easy to spot, they have signs, and maybe those guys who twirl their signs in the middle of the road, or whatever.
The corollary to that was that people find them expensive, right?
I said that, you know, there's a cost advantage
by using an on demand valet system.
But do people really think the alternative,
which are garages, are too expensive?
It might be the case that people who use garages are used to those prices and so they don't actually think of it as a problem.
Let's move on to the other one. What are things we are
assuming that matter to our potential user?
Well, I mean, think about the value proposition of this app, right?
We're trying to save the money and make it more convenient. Those are the two biggest things.
So we're kind of assuming that someone who is driving
their car downtown and wants to park it for dinner,
or work, or whatever, cares about price and convenience, and we're also assuming that they don't really care about speed, right?
Because if we're using the on demand system, it might actually be slower than if you're using a garage where you know where it is
or a valet service that's already embedded into the
restaurant you're going to. Now, there aren't any
satisfactory substitutes. Well, we kind of already
addressed it when we said parking on the street is
a substitute, or parking in a garage is a substitute,
but we could just say that people are not satisfied with
parking their car in a garage.
Now, let's think about some things that
we're assuming about the market.
We're assuming that the market that we're going to be able to serve, let's say, has enough drivers with smartphones.
That is actually an important assumption. If you're
going into a market, you're building a smartphone app,
and the vast majority of people don't have smartphones,
then it could potentially be a venture
that's not nearly as lucrative or interesting.
We're also assuming in a weird way that the driver can operate
the smartphone while they're driving the car, right?
I mean, texting and driving is terrible, but I can't even
imagine what it's like trying to place a pin
on the phone while you're, like, navigating traffic because
you're downtown. So it might be the case that,
you know, everyone who uses this
service has someone else in the car.
Maybe solo drivers - not a great idea.
Another area that we're making assumptions about
actually is the other side of the market, right?
We have to hire people to be the valets.
So we're actually assuming that people
want to be on demand valets.
And then the last thing I would say is just trust and safety.
We are assuming that people are going to be comfortable
giving their car to what they call a Zirx
agent. Seriously, Zirx - terrible, terrible name,
but interesting service.
All right guys, so we've got 10 assumptions right there.
Those are all big ones. If you guys have
any other ones you want to add,
post actually in the group discussion, tell me which ones I left out,
and if you disagree with some of these being assumptions,
I would love to hear it.
We can fight it out and then we'll see who's right.
All right, so in the next lecture, what we're going to do is we're going to take these assumptions and organize them by risk.
All right, see you in the next lecture.